[docs] diffusers gguf checkpoints (#12092)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/quantization/gguf.md

- Q5_K
- Q6_K

> ## Using Diffusers checkpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Convert to GGUF
```

> You can convert a Diffusers checkpoint to GGUF and use it to perform inference. Use the Space below to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Space below to convert a Diffusers checkpoint into the GGUF format for inference.
```

run conversion:

> <script

Reviewer: Maybe try embedding as an iframe instead? The web component currently isn't rendering on preview

	type="module"
	src="https://gradio.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/5.41.1/gradio.js"
></script>

<gradio-app src="https://diffusers-internal-dev-diffusers-to-gguf.hf.space"></gradio-app>

> Once it is obtained, you can run inference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```py
import torch

from diffusers import FluxPipeline, FluxTransformer2DModel, GGUFQuantizationConfig

ckpt_path = (
    "https://huggingface.co/sayakpaul/different-lora-from-civitai/blob/main/flux_dev_diffusers-q4_0.gguf"
)
transformer = FluxTransformer2DModel.from_single_file(
    ckpt_path,

>     quantization_config=GGUFQuantizationConfig(compute_dtype=torch.bfloat16),

Reviewer 2: For Diffusers checkpoints at the moment, we don't auto-fetch the config (don't want to have to track two sets of keys in single file if we can avoid it). So we need to provide a repo id to fetch the config. 

```suggestion
    quantization_config=GGUFQuantizationConfig(compute_dtype=torch.bfloat16),
    config="black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-dev",
    subfolder="transformer",
```
